>> Jen Kramer: So,
now comes the cool part, all right?
So so far, we have information,
we just can't read it all, yeah,
super helpful, all right?
This is the cool part.
So what we're going to do here is,
we're gonna come up with some labels.
And the way I'm gonna structure
these labels is as follows.
I'm going to say,
first of all, td before, so
before the td I'm gonna tell it
the white space is a no wrap
which we'll get around a little
bug that a weird little
space will show up if you
don't have this in place.
And I'm gonna make my font weight bold.
Okay, so that'll affect all of them and
then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
say td nth of type, and a number.
Colon, double colon before.
>> Jen Kramer: Content, Description.
>> Jen Kramer: Slick, so
the headers are back, okay?
>> Speaker 2: I think you need
a dash in nth of type, after of.
>> Jen Kramer: Yes,
that's why it didn't work.
Thank you.
And hyphen of hyphen type.
There we go.
So you can see here in the table,
that now I have the word's description.
>> Jen Kramer: Helpful [LAUGH] Although
that's not really the one we needed help
with, right?
Okay, so then we can just
repeat this process, yeah?
Now we're hard-coding this
here in our CSS, okay?
This is one of those limitation
kinda things, right?
There's probably better ways
of repeating this content so
that you don't have to
repeat yourself here, yeah?
This is a good situation where you
could pull in some JavaScript or
you could pull in a backend
programming language,
whatever In order to write these out for
you, okay?
Probably JavaScript's a better choice.
Then we'll write all these out.
But given that today is all about CSS,
we'll just go ahead and
write all of these out.
So for the second one,
we're gonna have to say "Weight: ".
>> Jen Kramer: For the third one,
we're gonna have it say
>> Jen Kramer: Measure,
notice I'm not putting in the units.
Scientists, don't panic.
The units will come back.
We know how important they are.
And 4 is going to be Vitamin C.
And 5 is going
to be vitamin K.
Okay, so there we go.
Check that out.
Now you can actually read this?
Very nice.
But as I mentioned, the units of
measure are all missing aren't they?
How could we add units of measure?
Anyone want to make a suggestion?
>> Speaker 2: The after?
>> Jen Kramer: How about after?
Nice, okay.
So after, once again all those same
caveats apply about there's a better way
to do this than write it directly in CSS.
All that applies for
after 2, so here we're going
to say instead, and
the numbers are 2 and after.
And the content will be,
in this case its gram,
so its going to be, Space G.
Okay, so this is for
2 and for 4.
And that one was milligrams per measure.
>> Jen Kramer: And then five
>> Jen Kramer: Is
micrograms per measure.
Unfortunately, with the before and
after properties,
whatever is put in here is
directly written to the web page.
And so while we could probably come
up with the beautiful little code
to give us an actual micro,
the Greek letter for micro,
what will actually show up there is
whatever that code is for micro.
Yeah it's not very pretty, so
I'm fudging it here using a u instead.
Okay, and
that's the reason why I'm doing that.
I wanted to take a quick moment and just
show you a quick addition that we've made
to our table example from CodePen based
on feedback from somebody here in class.
So I mentioned that that micro symbol
was pretty difficult to put it in.
But we actually have a solution for
that now.
So first of all, over here in your HTML.
If you'd like that micro symbol to appear.
You can just use the HTML
character equivalent thing of
ampersand with micro and
a semicolon on the end.
Don't put a space between
the semicolon and the G.
And it will show up as micrograms
per measure down here on the bottom,
which is exactly what you want.
However, as I said,
if you actually use that same ampersand
micro semicolon in the before and
after over here in the CSS that we
had been talking about previously.
That exact text would show up, so &micro,
which is not really what we want.
So here, what we've done
instead is use this equivalent,
which is a front slash,
the weird slash, the one you never use.
That one, capital B, number 5, next to the
G like that, and that will work as well.
And I can just go ahead and show you that.
Real quick, so
if we go to full page view here and
I shrink the screen down,
you'll see that there
it is 0.7 micrograms per measure, okay?
So that's a really nice tip to get
around that particular problem and
I've updated the Codepens to reflect that.